Add TypeScript 'abstract classes' guide. (#29514)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: guide/english/typescript/abstract-classes/index.md

---
title: Abstract Classes
---

# Abstract Classes

> Abstract classes are super classes which can be derived by other classes.The class marked with `abstract` keyword

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Abstract classes are super classes which can be derived by other classes. The class marked with the `abstract` keyword
```

is the abstract class and it can't be instantiate directly. The Abstract class may contain `abstract` or `non-abstract` 
member functions.

```typescript
abstract class FCC{
    abstract makeSkill(): void;
    getSound():void{
        console.log("Coding...");
    }
}
```

> Methods enclosed to abstract class which are marked `abstract` they do not contain method body and must be implemented in derived

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Methods enclosed to abstract class which are marked `abstract` do not contain a method body and must be implemented in the derived
```
